Mr Bond, I'm so glad I caught you.
Your office called. They're sending
a helicopter. Some sort of emergency.
It usually is. Thank you.
Good afternoon, Mr Bond.
Don't concern yourself with the pilot.
One of my less useful people.
You are now flying
Remote Control Airways!
Think twice, 007, it's a long way down.
I've looked forward
to this moment, Mr Bond.
I intend to enjoy it to the full.
Really! Have you no respect for the dead?
Goodbye, Mr Bond!
I trust you had a pleasant fright?
You're fading from my picture, Mr Bond,
but the end cannot be far away.
We can do a deal!
I'll buy you a delicatessen!
In stainless steel!
Please!
- All right, keep your hair on!
- Put me down! Put me down!
You want to get off?
Afternoon! How is it topside?
Beautiful day,
just bringing the nets in.
Fish for supper again!
Decode of Russian satellite data, sir,
on British ship positions.
- Verify and advise Admiralty.
- Yes, sir.
- Afternoon, sir.
- Hello, Mac.
My watch.
Where the hell did that come from?
- What's going on?
- Unidentified object closing fast.
Secure Operations Room!
Destruct ATAC system!
- Yes?
- First Sea Lord and Vice Admiral, sir.
Send them in.
Minister, we've lost our electronic
surveillance ship, the St. Georges.
We had a routine message
at 1600 hours yesterday.
Then nothing. We sighted
floating debris this morning.
My God, Jack!
- How deep is the water there?
- Not deep enough, I'm afraid.
Yes, Comrade Secretary, off Albania.
The suspected British spy ship
which we have been monitoring.
So there is a chance of
obtaining the ATAC transmitter.
Of course, there will be
no direct involvement.
But if it comes on the market we should
not lose such a remarkable opportunity.
With that in mind, I've already
contacted our usual friend in Greece.
- Down you go.
- Give us a kiss!
- I'll give you a nut. Here you are.
Come on.
- Your packages, señorita.
- Thank you.
Melina!
Thank you, darling.
Hello, Daddy.
Welcome home, Melina.
You look beautiful.
Your call from Athens was a surprise.
I was lucky to find you.
You left Crete so suddenly.
I wanted to start work on the temple.
You between jobs?
Only for a few days.
- I'll lend a hand.
- Darling, it's beautiful. Thank you.
That's for you. And pistachios for Max.
- James!
- Moneypenny, a feast for my eyes!
- What about the rest of you?
- I was getting round to that.
You'd better go in. M's on leave.
The Minister's here with the Chief of Staff.
He wants to see you at once.
- I'll be right back.
- I can hardly wait!
Haven't you forgotten something?
As M's away.
There you are, 007.
Minister. Chief of Staff.
- Are you aware of our ATAC system?
- ATAC, sir?
Automatic Targeting
Attack Communicator.
Uses an ultra-low frequency to order
our submarines to launch missiles.
Five days ago, our spy ship St. Georges
was sunk in the Ionian Sea.
She was equipped with ATAC.
In the wrong hands, that transmitter
would render our Polaris fleet useless.
Orders could be countermanded.
Worse, our own submarines could be
ordered to attack our own cities.
Have we begun a salvage operation?
Out of the question. The St. Georges
was off the Albanian coast.
We asked Sir Timothy Havelock
to locate the wreck.
Before he could report, he and his wife
were killed by a Cuban, Hector Gonzales.
The Greek police were able
to identify Gonzales from a description
given by Melina, the Havelocks' daughter.
Operation Undertow,
the information's all here.
Gonzales is at a villa near Madrid.
Isolate him and find out who hired him.
A Walther PPK.
Standard issue, British Secret Service.
Licensed to kill
or be killed. Take him away!
Excuse me.
Whoever you are,
you're not welcome. Come on.
I hope you have a car.
This way.
Hurry!
- Who are you?
- He killed my parents.
The Havelocks?
I'm sorry.
- How did you find Gonzales?
- Through a detective agency.
What were you doing there?
I'm afraid we're being out-horsepowered.
Excuse me!
Take the low road!
Not that low!
You don't mind if I drive, do you?
Go backwards forwards quickly!
Love a drive in the country, don't you?
Hold tight!
By the way, we haven't
been introduced, Melina.
My name is Bond. James Bond.
Olympic has a flight at 11.
Should be safe to go to the airport now.
- Are you all right?
- I'm fine.
Really.
- Going back to your father's ship?
- Yes, I'm continuing his work.
- But this business is unfinished.
- What business?
The man who paid Gonzales.
The Chinese have a saying.
Before setting out on revenge,
you first dig two graves.
I don't expect you to understand.
You're English.
But I'm half-Greek.
And Greek women, like Elektra,
always avenge their loved ones.
I must go.
You were to question Gonzales,
not let Miss Havelock perforate him!
Yes, sir.
We'll have to tell the PM
Operation Undertow is a failure.
She'll have our guts for garters!
If you look again
at page 2 paragraph 4 of my report,
you'll note that I saw someone
paying off Gonzales.
If that was for Havelock's murder,
there is still a glimmer of hope.
- I don't follow.
- If we could identify that someone...
Why don't you try the Identigraph?
- Yes, sir.
- Get cracking, 007!
Minister.
Hello, Q.
- Smithers, how's the arm?
- Coming along nicely, sir.
That'll come in handy.
- What are you doing here, 007?
- Identigraph, Q.
This way.
- Stinging in the rain?
- That's not funny, 007!
You put the Lotus back together?
I disregard these gibes
about our equipment, 007!
- You don't find it funny in the field.
- Indeed, I don't.
This 3-D visual Identigraph
is still in the experimental stage.
Once we get a composite of the man,
we can match it through the files
of the Sûreté, Interpol, CIA, the Mossad...
And the West German Police.
You've told me so, Q. Five times.
Thank you, 007.
Right.
Describe the person
you wish to identify.
- I'll programme the information.
- Male Caucasian. Late 30s.
Hair fine, light brown.
That's it. Parted in the middle.
Wait a minute.
- Right.
- Eyes a little smaller.
Blue. A little greyer.
That's it, you have it. Now, nose.
- A nose, not a banana, Q!
- Sorry.
Stop! Lips fuller.
No, no. Mouth wider. Good.
Thank you.
Thank you, Sharon.
You can go. I'll lock up.
We're almost there, Q. Apart from glasses.
Steel-rimmed. Octagonal.
Octagonal.
That's him. That's our man.
Right. I'll try and get a match.
Sir, the man we want
is Emile Leopold Locque.
An enforcer in the Brussels underworld.
He's a convicted murderer.
He escaped from Namur prison
by strangling his psychiatrist.
He has worked for drug syndicates
in Marseilles and Hong Kong.
Now working for Greek smugglers.
The Italian Secret Service
think that he is in Cortina.
Ferrara, our man in Italy,
will contact you there.
Yes, sir.
And, 007, try not to muck it up again.
I'll do my best, sir.
I'll leave you to lock up. Let me out.
- The snow is better at Innsbruck.
- But not at St. Moritz.
- Ferrara.
- Bond, James.
Luigi.
I presume London's briefed you?
If Locque's in Cortina, we'll find him.
I have a reliable Greek contact here.
An Anglophile.
He helped us out
on a smuggling operation.
Then what's he doing in Cortina?
He...
spends a few months a year here
at his chalet.
He's in shipping, insurance,
oil exploration.
Knows everything going on. Very reliable.
The British gave him a medal
for resistance fighting in the war.
- Yes, but can I meet him?
- I've set it up.
He is waiting for us
at the Olympic ice rink.
Extend your arms!
Signor Kristatos?
- Kristatos, Aris Kristatos.
- Bond, James Bond.
- Would you join me in some gluhwein?
- A very good idea. Thank you.
Well, gentlemen, how can I help you?
We'd like some information.
My protégée.
A sure winner in the next Olympics.
She's completely absorbed in her skating,
but innocent in the ways of the world.
The day she wins the gold medal
will be the greatest in my life.
Here are some new admirers for you.
Mr Bond, Mr Ferrara. Bibi Dahl.
And her coach, Jacoba Brink,
a world-class skater herself.
I've seen Miss Brink skate.
The world will soon see a lot
of your skating too, Miss Dahl.
Only if she works harder. Much harder.
- Uncle Ari, can't I stop now? I'm pooped!
- That's for Miss Brink to decide.
Come, Bibi. Another half-hour.
- Will you take me to the biathlon?
- You know I have to work this afternoon.
Bibi wants to know if you
would escort her, Mr Bond?
- I don't...
- I would feel better if you would.
I'd be delighted.
I'm staying at the Miramonte.
Great!
Now, how can I help you?
- Do you know this man?
- Yes. Locque. Columbo's right hand.
Milos Columbo. Involved in
a smuggling operation last year.
That's the least of his offences.
Drugs, white slavery, contract murder.
In the Greek underworld, he is
known as "The Dove". A very sick joke.
- Where is this "Dove"?
- Somewhere in Greece.
Once we were like brothers.
Now he hates me.
We fought together in the Greek
Resistance and against the Communists.
After that, he took a different path.
Well, thank you
for your time, Mr Kristatos.
My pleasure. I leave for Corfu soon.
If I hear any more, I will call Ferrara.
So, Luigi, does this Columbo have the
resources to mount a salvage operation?
Definitely. He runs a fleet
of freighters in the Aegean.
I'll ring my office in Milano.
They may have more on him.
Luigi, I'll see you later.
OK.
Is this the one, signora?
Thank you. I'll take it.
Deliver it to the Hotel Cristallo, please.
Beg your pardon.
Buon giorno. May I help you?
Yes, give me a dozen lilies.
I'll pick them up later.
Come on, quickly!
Send them to the funeral, will you?
Slow down! What the devil
are you doing in Cortina?
- Your telegram.
- What telegram?
It said you found the man
and to meet you here today.
I didn't send a telegram. Now, get in.
The station, please.
- Are we leaving?
- Not we, you. And now.
You don't tell me what to do.
Did you find the man
who hired Gonzales?
I'm working on it.
He's here, isn't he?
That's why you're here.
Driver, stop! Go back!
- I'm staying!
- To put an arrow in his back?
Then we'll never find out
who or what is behind this.
It was my parents they killed.
Let me out!
Driver, stop!
Melina, look at me. You were lucky once,
but they are onto you now.
The telegram,
the motorcycles back there.
Please let me handle this.
You? How are you involved?
All I can say is it's of vital interest
to both our countries.
More important than my parents?
Your father was part of it.
He was prepared to risk his life.
Melina, please trust me.
Go back to the Triana and wait.
I'll find out what I can here,
then I'll come to Corfu.
OK. I'll go back and wait.
But not for long.
It won't be, I swear.
Don't they have showers at the ice rink?
How did you get in?
One of the porters is a fan.
He'll do anything for me.
And I'll do anything for you.
I'm exceedingly flattered, Bibi,
but you're in training.
That's a laugh. Everybody knows
it builds up muscle tone.
Start building up a little more muscle tone
by putting on your clothes.
Don't you like me?
I think you're wonderful, Bibi,
but I don't think Uncle Ari would approve.
Him? He thinks I'm still a virgin.
Yes, well, you get your clothes on
and I'll buy you an ice cream!
Shall we?
Don't you ever come up for air?
That's why I'll get the gold medal.
Breath control.
Well, you can't lose!
The leading skiers are at the firing range.
There is Wolf Ghul from Austria,
Kerel Behrta from Switzerland,
Wolfgang Blatt from Holland...
And now Eric Kriegler,
last year's East European champion.
He's coming up fast on
the West German champion, Hans Wolf.
- There's Eric Kriegler.
- The East German champion?
- Isn't he beautiful?
- Bibi, you're fickle.
Eric!
Come on! Let's go watch him shoot.
Eric, we'll have a drink at the finish!
- Well, Bibi, I have to leave you.
- No, James, stay with me!
I have an appointment.
Will you come and say goodbye
at the practice rink later?
We're going back to Greece soon.
All right, but if I can't make it,
don't grow up any more.
The opposite sex would never survive it.
Won't take long, Luigi.
Don't play with any of the switches.
James, what took you so long?
I took the scenic route.
Tell me more about your boyfriend,
Eric Kriegler.
He doesn't smoke, he only eats health
foods and he won't even talk to girls.
- James, you're jealous!
- Of course.
What else can you tell me about
my rival for your affections?
They say he's a defector
from East Germany.
Bibi! It is time for your rubdown.
I could eat you up alive!
Farewell, Mr Bond, but not goodbye!
I'll be finished around six. Meet me here.
James! How did you know I was here?
I phoned the Triana.
They said you were coming ashore.
I have to shop for the crew.
Come with me and we can talk.
Thank you.
I think you may need that.
My father loved the view from here.
- I can see why.
- We came here often.
- Is Corfu your home?
- My real home's always been the Triana.
The Greek islands, North Africa,
wherever my father's work took us.
Did he leave any notes?
They could help us.
No, I don't think so.
To tell the truth,
I haven't had the courage
to go into his study since...
Try not to think about it now.
I'm meeting a man tonight at the casino
who may give us a lead.
You're perspiring, Bunky.
Good evening, Contessa.
Your Lordship?
Five hundred thousand.
Only half? Where's your courage, Bunky?
Courage is no match
for an unfriendly shoe, Countess.
Bravo, Bunky!
A lucky night!
The odds favour standing pat.
If you play the odds.
Would you cash these in for me, please?
Thank you.
Excuse me.
- Aperitif?
- Ouzo for me, please.
And to eat?
I'll have the Préveza prawns, salad...
- And bourdetto.
- I'll have the same.
May I suggest a white Robola wine
from Cephalonia, my home place?
Forgive me, but it's too scented for me.
I prefer the Theotaki Aspro.
After our last meeting, I wondered why
you asked about Locque, Columbo's man.
I know Columbo runs heroin to be
refined here before it is sent to England.
So, I think I see the answer.
You are from the British Narcotics Board.
- Am I right?
- Go on.
I wish you luck, my friend.
Stopping Columbo will be difficult. He has
connections. You cannot just arrest him.
You must find a different way.
You may have to kill him.
Does this discourage you?
- Just tell me where he is.
- Over there. With the woman in blue.
We ignore each other,
but I wanted you to see him.
He is a secret partner in this casino.
But we are quite safe.
He will do nothing in his own place.
And the Countess?
Lisl? An Austrian. Expensive mistress.
She sometimes shills for the house.
If she bets, it's with other people's money.
Stopping Columbo will be difficult. He has
connections. You cannot just arrest him.
You must find a different way.
You may have to kill him.
Does this discourage you?
Just tell me where he is.
You are a disgusting man.
How dare you talk to me like that!
I will speak to you any way I please.
Sit down! You're making
a spectacle of yourself.
Get out!
Nothing would please me more.
- This may be an opportunity.
- This may be a trap.
- If you play the odds.
- As you wish. Take my car.
I'll play a little chemmy.
Ask the chauffeur to come back for me.
Allow me.
- May I drive you home?
- No, thank you. I'll take a taxi.
No courage? Seriously, you may
have a job finding one this time of night.
Well, you look like a gentleman.
Why not?
I'm the Countess Lisl von Schlaf.
My name is Bond. I'm preparing
a novel about Greek smugglers.
- Do you know any?
- How would I know any smugglers?
I would have thought that a lady
in your position would know many things.
I'd really be most grateful.
- How grateful?
- Very.
I adore grateful men.
May I call you tomorrow, Countess?
I've champagne and oysters in the fridge.
Why not come in for a bite?
I won't need you any more tonight.
- Cheers.
- Bottoms up.
Me nightie's slipping.
So's your accent, Countess.
- Manchester?
- Close.
Liverpool.
It was an amusing performance
between you and the owner of this.
What did Columbo whisper to you?
That you were a spy.
To find out more about you.
And have you?
Have I ever!
When you're ready to leave,
you can take my car.
That sounds like a dismissal.
I was looking forward to breakfast.
Lisl, come back!
Get in...
Goodbye, Countess.
What should I do with you?
You cannot just arrest him.
You must find a different way.
You may have to kill him.
Does this discourage you?
Just tell me where he is.
I am here, Mr Bond
of the British Secret Service.
But I tell you
it is Kristatos you want, not me.
He told you about himself.
He's the one with the connections.
Locque works for him, not for me.
I smuggle, yes. I smuggle gold,
diamonds, cigarettes, pistachio nuts.
But no heroin.
Sit down.
That I leave to him, when he is
not too busy working for Russia.
- Against my country and yours.
- My country awarded him a medal.
Yes, I know.
But other people died for it.
All through the fighting in Crete,
he was a double agent.
King's Medal.
I would laugh if my heart
was not so heavy about my poor Lisl.
What does Kristatos gain
by setting you up?
I know too much about him.
He wants me out of the way.
By using a British agent
to do his dirty work for him,
your government might
give him another medal.
- Why should I believe you?
- I'll prove it to you tonight.
We'll go together
to his warehouse in Albania.
OK?
If I don't report in by tomorrow,
my people and the entire Greek police
will be down on you like a load of bricks.
Don't worry.
By tomorrow we'll be good friends.
Let us drink to that.
I'll wait till tomorrow.
You may need this.
I am a good judge of men.
Mr Bond, you have
what the Greeks call thrassos.
Guts.
So have you, Mr Columbo.
Cheers.
Locque!
Watch it!
Santos. Nikos.
JIM diving equipment for salvage work
at depths of more than 300 feet.
Raw opium.
An old smugglers' trick.
Kristatos knows them all.
Get your men out of here.
Now!
You left this with Ferrara, I believe.
He had no head for heights.
- Where did the St. Georges sink?
- We can't be sure for certain.
It was in this vicinity.
Your father used the temple as a front.
Kristatos killed him
so he wouldn't find the St. Georges first.
How can I help?
Where did your father keep his records,
his daily log?
Daily log! Daily log!
Father and he were pals for 30 years!
He repeats everything.
Give us a kiss!
- What's his name?
- Max.
- Thank you.
Hello!
- It's all shorthand.
- He used a special kind.
I was the only one who could decipher it.
He made several surveys in Neptune.
- What's Neptune?
- Our two-man submarine.
According to this,
he saw a diving bell here.
Diving bell?
Oil exploration, Kristatos.
Three days later, he sighted
a wreck in the same area.
And?
That was his last entry.
The day he was killed.
Air would be useless at this depth.
We'd need a mix of oxygen and helium.
I have all the necessary
equipment aboard.
The less people that know about this,
the better.
I'll give the crew shore leave,
except the mate and two others.
Let's go.
584 feet. An oxygen-helium mix
at that depth gives us eight minutes.
We'll have to work fast.
Wouldn't the crew
have destroyed the transmitter?
Only if they'd had the chance
to set the explosive timer.
We have a visitor below.
Conserve your gas supply.
Speak only when necessary.
I hope he was dining alone.
- You'd better go back to the sub.
- No, I'm staying.
That should be the command cabin.
Eureka!
Main destruct timer under lever
right of ATAC housing
dualled by ring-mained circuit
through anti-handling charger.
The destruct timer's set at one minute.
For some reason, the lever wasn't pulled.
The transmitter with a thermite charge.
Hold these.
To bypass trembler switch,
cut wires in following procedure.
Cutters.
Screwdriver.
That's it. Let's get out of here.
James, help!
- James, I won't make it.
- We both will.
Get back to the sub fast. I'll stall him.
- Try and close the CO2!
- I'm trying.
Careful, James! It's 5,000 years old.
Thank you, Mr Bond.
Now we don't need to disarm it!
Apostis, take that.
- Where are the men I left on board?
- You will soon join them.
Let the girl go.
And we'll double whatever you're getting.
I never go back on a deal.
It would be bad for my reputation.
I will deliver it
and return with the money.
The voice of the KGB! Our agreement was
to meet in a place designated by me!
After they pay,
they can have the transmitter.
- It must not go out of your sight, Apostis.
- Or mine. Where are we going?
We will take the ATAC to St. Cyril's.
St. Cyril's? I'll arrange the pick-up.
Bind that wound.
We don't want any blood in the water.
- Not yet.
- Murderer.
You have shot your last bolt,
Miss Havelock.
Leave the legs free.
They'll make appetising bait.
- I didn't think it would end like this.
- We're not dead yet.
Hold tight.
Turn around. We go again.
Take a deep breath!
Once again!
Leave him.
Kurt, run them down.
Follow me!
The sharks have them. Make port.
Thank you.
Hello.
- Give us a kiss!
- Max, not now!
Kristatos is still alive.
He's probably on his way
to Moscow or Havana by now.
- We'll never get him.
- Or the ATAC.
ATAC to St. Cyril's. ATAC to St. Cyril's.
ATAC to St. Cyril's.
Forgive me, father, for I have sinned.
That's putting it mildly, 007.
Your signal sent Whitehall into shock.
So far we've managed to locate
439 St. Cyril's in Greece.
Heaven only knows to which one
Kristatos took the ATAC!
I know a well-informed person
to contact about that, Q.
St. Cyril's, where we used to hide
from the Germans.
Only Kristatos would make an abandoned
monastery his personal retreat.
I've been studying this place for years
for just such an occasion.
We'll split here.
Your best approach will be on
the right face, away from the buildings.
Then make for the shed on the left
which houses the basket and winch.
It can be operated only from the shed.
Good luck.
Should have brought more people.
- James is counting on surprise.
- But we are only five men.
And one woman.
18.
19.
20.
- 50 more.
- This is the pits!
I'm supposed to be skating in Oslo!
In Innsbruck.
Why are we in this creepy place?
Our plans are changed! We are going
to live in Cuba for a few months.
Cuba?
You can skate privately.
I will be your audience.
What a drag that'll be!
I wanna win the gold medal!
- We all want that.
- I know what you want!
But you're too old for me.
I'm splitting.
You have poisoned her against me!
Don't blow your top, Ari. Leave her alone!
I will deal with you, Jacoba Brink,
as I deal with everyone who betrays me.
Bibi,
you're so young.
You must have a sponsor.
I'll find another one.
Check the guards. Let me know
as soon as the helicopter arrives.
Apostis. One of Kristatos' killers.
Shut him up!
Get the door.
Hurry, unless you want me
to go without you.
You know I will never leave you.
Your general is late!
Only bad weather would delay him.
Cover the windows!
Let's go!
He's all right, leave him.
He's all right.
Back!
OK, let's go!
I'll be with you.
Sorry.
Cover the door!
Where's Kristatos?
And keep your voice down!
We are leaving him.
He must not know until we are gone.
We'll help you if you help us.
Come.
- Where are the guards?
- That way.
Move!
- Where's Kristatos?
- The other side of the courtyard.
You'd better stay here.
Where's Brink?
What have you done to her?
- Go back to your room!
- Go to hell!
Drop it.
- Where's Kristatos?
- He left with the ATAC.
You're going to pay for it!
No, Melina. That's not the answer.
We'll turn him over to the police.
Out of my way, James!
All right. But be prepared
to dig those two graves.
That's détente, comrade.
You don't have it, I don't have it.
Seems as though Bibi has a new sponsor.
- How's it going?
- I patched through a line to the satellite.
- We can try Bond now.
- Good.
- Are you through to Number 10?
- Standing by, sir.
You know what I'd like?
I can't imagine.
A moonlight swim.
007, are you there?
Bond, are you there?
For your eyes only, darling.
- He's there!
- Patch in the Prime Minister.
I'll get it, Denis.
- Hello?
- Mr Bond, Prime Minister.
Mr Bond,
I wanted to call you personally
to say how pleased we all are
that your mission was a success.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Don't thank me, Mr Bond.
Your courage and resourcefulness
are a credit to the nation.
Denis and I look forward
to meeting you.
If there is anything I can do for you...
- Give us a kiss! Give us a kiss!
- Really, Mr Bond!
I think we're having
trouble with the line, madam.
You idiot!
- Get onto him.
- 007!
Bond! Have you gone mad?
What's going on?